Templates are a tool for generic programming in C++.
Templates allow us to specify a generic type,
in this example we'll call that type T,
and then use that generic type for the function signature and even within the function.
So we have here a max function which is maybe
the canonical example of using a template and this max function takes two arguments of
type T. The first argument is called A and the second argument is called B and that
returns a value of type T. You can think of this T here as maybe being int,
so it returns an int and it takes two arguments of type int
or it could be a double takes two arguments of type double and returns a double,
or a float, or one of many other types of values.
In fact, when we call max in the main function we specify,
first that we're going to select int,
or pass an int as the template type and so we pass in values of type Int, two and four.
Then in the next call to max we specify that we're going to set
the template type to double and we pass some values of negative 1.0 and negative 2.3.
In the next called a max we set the template type to
character and we pass in the character A and the character B.
When we compile and run this it all works and that's great.
We can have one function that accepts many different types of
arguments just depending on how we specify the type.
If this looks familiar it's because it's the same syntax
as you might see for some of the containers in C++.
So things like standard vector use
this syntax in order to specify whether we're creating a vector, ints vector,
doubles are vector of some type of object and that's
how containers work as they use templates to create
generic programming so that they can take
many different types all using the same code for the vector class.